all i have for you is a word
tenant it'll open the right doors
some of the wrong ones too
use it carefully
[Music]
to do what i do i need some idea of the
threat we face
as i understand it we're trying to
prevent world war iii
i'm not saying are we getting here no
something worse
i gather you have an interest in a
certain
russian national
you might just bring me in you really
want to know
he can communicate with the future
time travel no
inversion name it and pull the trigger
you're shooting the bullet you're
catching it
oh well i've seen too much
well we'll try and keep up
your duty transcends national interests
this is about survival
it seems bold old i'm fine but i thought
you were going to say nuts
this is where our worlds collide
how would you like to die old
you chose the wrong profession
[Music]
well that's from here hasn't happened
yet
there are people in the future who need
us
i need a tenant we need to save them
here and now
it's reversing the flow of time
it wasn't us being here now and it never
happened
you want to crash a plane went on from
the air
no it's so dramatic
well how big a plane
that part is a little dramatic
[Music]
you